hey everybody welcome back to know the
line please dividing lines get to earth
plus we are doing a daily today it looks
like the top scores are between 40 and
55 thousand which is really encouraging
today is Wednesday May 17 in case you're
looking to look up the scores from
today's daily for whatever reason yes
Ernie became 195th to point to 4%
overall not bad but we have been sliding
a little bit so let's get this show on
the road
it's an isaac run that goes to mom's
foot but with scores in the oh we start
with sackboy as well today must be like
an international something day today
International Day I know like I thought
it was like international Norway day or
something like that
check adhikam national cherry cobbler
day national turn beauty inside out day
because we're wearing a paper bag on our
heads good one all right um but then we
have the D sixes or as I the deed 20 as
well and we were not Isaac or we were
Isaac's we have Isaac stamps but we
didn't start with the d6 strange I don't
really know but you know you don't need
to know it's not they're gonna ask you a
trivia question at the end that's like
you know four five bonus marks what day
is today
you know the st. C world it's as real as
it gets I wonder if we'll have item
rooms because we do have Sackboy in the
d20 sometimes we do have bedrooms
sometimes they give you like you know we
gave you all three beans so you don't
need item rooms anymore and that's like
a little over the top
in terms of draconian punishment there
but Empress okay pretty good to get that
dime there I think I will just accept
toxic shock it's a great item and then
over here this should be our secret room
might give a shop access to blow this up
probably going to give us Wow maybe it's
going to give us enough money to go to
the shop and indeed it does with a luck
upgrade as well we need to use the v-22
reroll things but I feel like the more
that I look at this I think I'm going to
buy this the more I look at this more I
realize oh no this is where the points
come from is it is using the v-22 you
know instead of having to get crack dice
and then re rolling the crap out of it
by constantly hurting yourself as I be
bank that's the rub on today's run isn't
it you use the d20 to just give you the
consumables you want outright instead of
having to get more finicky about it so
if if that's the case I'm at a mild
disadvantage not to overstate it but I'm
at a mild disadvantage because I don't
typically do that give it a shot
that was extremely great figured we
might as well reroll another battery
charge now another dime though so what
was the 20 cents what was the 15 cent
item in here I think was glowing our
glass right yeah maybe but I'm going to
stay away from it for now alright let's
move along so we're taking a run that
goes to mom's heart what's the obvious
thing that we need to worry about how to
find a scene we need to we need to
figure out a way to get out of there oh
this is usually fantastic especially
considering we have so much HP but it's
safe it's just in case we get down to
one heart and we still have the ability
to use this okay moving a little dicey
I'm going to play this guy try to snag
some HP out of it just so we know that
we can have HP to use if things go a
little dire and then we probably want to
play our blood bank and get into the
self-sacrifice room but not self
sacrifice boss trap but you get the idea
small rock lovely choice it's probably a
rear Ola bowls in here with the d20 but
we don't have a battery charge as of
right now now we do let's go back in
here we don't want to spend too much
time but you know we got 20 minutes it's
enough time to not be too worried about
things
love you to have a good time um power
pill okay power pill is pretty sweet
when you still use this to get a little
bit of bonus love here think we want to
blow this guy up and then crack into
this and I'd rather not reroll the
battery charge but that's okay so we're
going to do this and we get this so I
mean when I say this it's just
inconsequential basically I'm looking
for I mean to be honest with you I would
like to get a spirit heart that's the
big thing for us so that I can feel free
to go to that other that other room over
there the boss Trap room because we're
low on HP right now Joker card lockup is
great we're unlikely to bad trip and I
can't remember if it will count as full
health if we have a half spirit out
backing us up so we want to hold the
Joker card probably don't care about
anything else you rolled these plenty of
keys okay now we could spend probably
infinite time here so I'm going to
abstain from doing that for the time
being now that we're out of battery
chargers are going to pick up everything
and then get a move on just because I'm
a little I'm a little self-conscious
about how much time this could
potentially take so grab all these hold
the Joker card for now and get a move on
we can go to the boss trap room we
probably should and just knock it out as
soon as possible and look at that the
ultimate irony there was a spirit heart
in the place that we thought we needed a
spear at heart turns out the real spirit
heart was right here the whole time
so I am met again I imagine that's
probably the way that we get a lot of
points and maybe even you know we can
instantiate an a wound out of nowhere or
at least a teleport card out of nowhere
by going ham on that blood bank there
but I can't necessarily feel like a
hundred percent confident in it yet
just a little bit just a little bit
temperance lockup great we have five
luck on the first floor so that's pretty
amazing and actually our damage is
really good as well so we have two of
clubs in the Emperor I'm just gonna pop
to a clubs right now because we're going
to stick with the Joker card presumably
batwing oh dude crickets head bat wing I
think I take gives us flying on
occasional rooms I mean a trinket and we
don't have any trinkets so it's a fairly
easy choice here and we will take
there's options and I think we'll just
go save the rest of our money
we are shoehorned into going a little
faster than we otherwise might like to
just because I spend so much time on the
arcade but honestly I think that the
right call might be to go spend more
time on the arcade but it also scares me
a great deal so let's see what we got an
hour deal with the devil first and then
we'll evaluate the situation accordingly
because right now we are going to be on
pace even if we fight Krampus will be
pretty close to being on pace and I
think you want blood clot there it's a
decision I probably would have made
differently couple of months ago and I
guess we're going for Angel rules and
I'm going to go going to go because I
want to make sure that we make it the
boss rush I'm also going to blow this up
so that people you know called call off
the freakin dogs on me can use a joker
card right away the odds of us being
able to use a joker card on this floor
are quite high or being you know
incentivized to users on this floor are
quite high so I figured you know let's
go first let's go for broke early and
we'll get potentially something that
could help us out didn't really work out
that way world card devil cause you pop
the world card reroll everything else
kind of going for broke on consumables
now we are pretty easily hitting like a
hundred percent I don't want to call it
reroll ability I don't know what you
call it basically we have a sustainable
situation with our with our d20 I'm not
sure if it's just due to our luck or
what but we can basically reroll
endlessly with the d20 and just continue
getting more chests at least that's how
it seems so far so the world card is
very good for us we can strength cards
pretty much meaningless but with the
world card we can figure out where we
need to go and go there in an expedited
fashion States reward is not
particularly strong and petrified poop
could be with the d20 but I'm sort of
skeptical champion belt is lovely and
sack of sacks I don't know if it does
exactly the same thing as as sack boy or
if it's synergizes with it so we're
going to go where we are right now in
the assumption that it'll synergize with
it either way certainly not bad you know
we're up to 12 damage on the third floor
that's really really good
could use a speed upgrade even our tears
are okay so and we can use a speed
upgrade did I say that already I say we
could use a speed upgrade followed by we
could use a speed upgrade well I meant
it
gosh darn it I meant it we still have
the and it is an N via balem right now
you know we're like how are we gonna
make a down payment on the mention you
know like we're in a good spot but I
need to need to find my seam I am a
seamer it's probably going to SEMA get
algae's it's a great rune devil now
we're going to stick with judgment for
now I guess
to a diamonds now that's a pill we're
leaving behind a judgment card I think
I'm okay with it
goodbye judgment this is a weird run
again the battery charges are just so
good as long as we can continue to get
that don't pick up the coins well maybe
pick up the coins but you can reroll
empty chests which is why this run is
like popping off maybe you do pick up
the coins and like reroll everything
else except also keys you need because
like this is getting a little on the
ridiculous side we got a little tiny
sack it out of battery charge in it so
yeah you can see where I'm getting that
here that like we basically have
unlimited consumables it seems so we
have two two of diamonds that takes us
to 96 cents and I think we're just going
to go now because we do have a lot of
floor left to cover yeah I think this is
the run you know word I'm looking into
like one of those whirly spinning things
that hypnotizes you like I just keep
reroll in every rolling you got a
battery charge and I'm reroll and you
know before I know it I spent like 45
hours doing this and we're not any
closer to actually getting a good score
today so I want to I want to not ruin
this run by being a little too ambitious
with the with the d20 I love that we're
killing it on consumables and we're not
not killing it on time but we got to
stay vigilant to make sure we stay ahead
of the curve here so we're kind of
hoping to not get a deal with the devil
the strange as that might sound because
we already got one so many moons ago
when we came down to this floor
originally get dusted young we did get a
deal with the devil so it's you know the
mildest bummer take pentagram get a move
on thirteen damage and we will almost
certainly at least have a chance of
getting an arcade on this floor so now
is really
okay we should probably blow that up now
is really where we need to start we need
to start speeding up I was going to say
slowing our roll but I actually mean the
opposite in this case you know it's
highly urgent that we make it the boss
rush we are looking for a Waze roons I
hope we're not looking for love in all
the wrong places now we'll take that I
mean pretty flag doesn't count as a
beelzebub enabler so I'm not sure this
is going to help we need a way to get
past boss rush so straight up I'm hoping
the shop it's like a rune bag or
something like that it seems like a
plausible way for us to make this happen
there's more sure there's more ways to
get through a boss or so I get through a
barricade via a once again via a deal
with the devil versus a deal with the
angel okay we'll take this and all I
mean by that is this shovel exists on
devil rooms but not on angel rooms I
think at least so I don't think we've
screwed ourselves in that department
what's the card what's the card it's the
Sun again I mean rather have the Sun
than on Zeus I guess just in case and
then with the left hand oh you know what
I'm thinking now is that we've given
ourselves the keys to become guppy but
again I'm looking down the freaking the
barrel of the hypnotists whirly bird I
know it's actually called the thing it
must have a name it's not a kaleidoscope
I know you're gonna say it's infrequent
kaleidoscope is not a kaleidoscope well
are we missing we're missing some stuff
over the rest of this floor but I'm not
sure if we actually care that much
really what I'm trying to do here is get
as many red chests as possible and then
that this is exactly the idea yes use
the red chest to hopefully turn you into
the GUP stir
it stays flat so we're going to crack
into these hold the son card for now
keep doubling or re rolling dude these
are triggers I've never seen before
angelic spoils is probably like better
angel rooms that's no good grab the left
hand again we need the left hand Ace of
Hearts just 13 minutes 13 minutes
there's advice a lot of time admittedly
hey what's the gas it shouldn't pick
that up it's okay you know we're going
to make mistakes here as these rooms get
busier and busier we're going to make
mistakes these could be two of so we
should well we should look but kind of
running out of running out of time here
it's like a mega bomber there's got to
be locust a famine is fine suit it's got
to be battery charges in here somewhere
there we go
just go for the straight up reroll and I
think it's the last one going to do for
now just because I know that you know
times getting a little tight little
delirium he's delirious in case you
didn't know that it's going to hurt
oh we smelted the right trinket so now
we gonna hold whatever trinket we want
that comes after this would would room
her throat yes / throw me please chaos
alright I don't even know we're in
another world now ancient recall it's
like the last I'll just gives us three
cards I don't know do it I'm in and I'm
in a weird world here store credit do
not care it justice sure whatever
okay just like them looking for a waz
man I don't see runes this is our last
one your breath of life shirt get dusted
we actually have to go I told you I'm
staring down the hypnotists whirlybird
hermit card at least it's a teleporter
quickly get these then get out we got
gulp again is there a trinket in here
there is I'm not sure if I want it
there's also another charge hilariously
enough but we have to go
they've got me in the hypnotists web
it's a compass it's all worth it
it's probably not all worth it but we
did get a compass you can't deny that
okay let's actually go because time is
of the essence right now yeah so was
that smart I don't know we did get a
guppy item so there is that and we
shouldn't be slow over the rest of this
but like I basically gave myself no time
here so we're really looking for good
cards I don't at all care would you give
me although with chaos I'm hoping for
some Guffey shenanigans we still need a
seam don't forget about that HP or a
book for Cano once's take on Zeus take
the HP get the heck out of here okay on
Zeus is of the utmost importance because
we have 30 seconds to be on pace for
this floor I'm sorry on suss we are
going to try to I think we're strong
enough to kind of push the limits here
so I'm going to go to the shop try to at
least you know cards could be an extreme
value as well
I know we're going to be late leaving
this floor that's just something I have
to accept toxic shock doing some
excellent work though so in here we
don't care at all I think we might want
the card but I'm thinking like right now
I basically am just checking runes I
don't really care about they don't
really care about a curse room I don't
really care about anything it's not an a
walls ruin or like getting the shovel at
this point so that's actually
potentially good we definitely want this
I don't think we care about the quarter
we definitely want that because we're
getting closer to Beelzebub and honestly
for all the items we have I'm kind of
surprised as of yet we don't have the
ability to fly so surprisingly cerebral
run here I'm not Tooting my own horn
because I think that it's conceivable
that I've actually messed this run up
this is a tough call here we wanted for
bookworm but we're running out of time
mini monster is okay but we're looking
for greatness it's not quite good enough
I mean that is but we got to aim for
something better
and that I don't know it's luck at least
I'll take it okano again and Emperor
that's what we need okay so it's a start
and all I mean by it's a start is that
we now have a get-out-of-jail-free card
forgetting to boss rush now I again I'm
looking to be in the 40s here like a
Judd Apatow film we're not likely to do
that right now I think if there's a
self-sacrifice room on this floor I have
to go for weed on the next floor should
say we have to go for it so I've got to
take this right we've already been there
all right all right all right all right
we can relax ever-so-slightly we're only
emitted in a little bit behind schedule
and there is a self-sacrifice room on
this floor so we have a very obvious
goal now get a make your way to boss
that's what I call them now we're on a
first-name basis but get a teleport card
teleport cards should be pretty easy to
come by Emperor does not count in fact
they're easy enough to come by that I
would expect to get one on boss rush
like
just by virtue of fighting everything
that there is to fight there but we got
to make it so you know we got to make it
happen and like these enemies are not
helping me out too much right now don't
be afraid to use the rear old tower
judgement blow them off sorry judge we
got no time buddy
chariot still kind of got to go for
broke here we're looking for like the
maximum amount of sacks we're going to
face a pretty tough decision if we don't
get one sooner the decision basically
comes down to what's better giving it a
chance to happen on boss rush or like
really possibly coming very close to
sort of skirting the the limits of
sanity here because like we got to do
this boss fight soon where the heck did
we get Robo baby oh it's the Delirium
item okay that's fine
grandpa's fight at least you're getting
our deal with the devil out of the way
now so we won't feel like we missed
something you really got to go I think
we're coming close to the point where I
basically just have to go for it lump of
coals lovely come on come on teleport me
we're going to get so many charges that
yeah
just um I don't want the bombs anymore
what do the world card okay like there's
something but like okay I mean we have
to go this is getting ridiculous
let's go so we're gonna fight the boss
hopefully it won't be too tough to get
the kill in time here this is this is
the end of my life I'm so mad we're
gonna be like 10 seconds too short here
and then we're going to be trapped in
this freaking room no no no no it's uh
let me run you back what happened there
I basically fudged around for two
minutes like two seconds too long so I
had to rush to kill mom and I was
standing where the trophy spawned so I
picked it up we were still three seconds
too short to make it the boss rush
anyway and being 2 seconds too short was
going to leave us trapped on that room I
am unbelievably disappointed with my
performance here I got caught in the
hypnotist whirlybird that's embarrassing
and also very frustrating but hopefully
entertaining thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed the episode if you didn't
click the like button now is that a
great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time